README.md, before:

# TaskFlow - Team Productivity & Project Management App

TaskFlow is a collaborative project management application built with Flutter and Firebase, designed to help teams organize and track their work through an intuitive Kanban-style interface.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Email/password and Google Sign-In
- **User Profile Management**: Profile pictures and personal information
- **Workspace Management**: Create workspaces and invite team members
- **Project Management**: Organize work into projects
- **Task Management**: Kanban-style board with drag-and-drop functionality
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Admin/Member permissions
- **Push Notifications**: Real-time updates for task assignments
- **Analytics**: User engagement tracking

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Flutter SDK** with Material Design
- **State Management**: Bloc pattern
- **Firebase Services**: Auth, Firestore, Storage, Cloud Messaging, Analytics, Performance Monitoring

### Backend
- **Python Flask** for server-side logic
- **Firebase Admin SDK** for backend Firebase operations
- **APScheduler** for job scheduling

## Project Structure

```
lib/
├── main.dart
├── core/
│   ├── constants/
│   ├── utils/
│   └── themes/
├── features/
│   ├── auth/
│   ├── profile/
│   ├── workspace/
│   ├── project/
│   └── task/
├── shared/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── widgets/
│   └── services/
└── routes/
```

## Python Backend

The `python_backend` directory contains a Flask application that handles server-side logic:

```
python_backend/
├── app.py              # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── notification_service.py  # FCM notification service
├── task_scheduler.py   # Scheduled task management
├── setup.py            # Setup script
└── run.py              # Run script
```

## Getting Started

1. **Flutter Setup**:
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

2. **Firebase Configuration**:
   - Add `google-services.json` to `android/app/`
   - Add `GoogleService-Info.plist` to `ios/Runner/`

3. **Python Backend Setup**:
   ```bash
   cd python_backend
   python setup.py
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   python app.py
   ```

## Implementation Status

This project is currently in development. See [IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md](IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md) for details on what has been implemented.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

fix: Resolve compilation issues and complete Kanban board implementation
This commit fixes the remaining compilation issues and completes the implementation of the Kanban board functionality:

**Issues Fixed:**
- Added missing import for KanbanBoardScreen in project_list_screen.dart
- Removed unused imports from kanban_board_screen.dart
- Updated KanbanBoardScreen to accept required parameters (workspaceId, projectId, projectName)
- Implemented proper task status update functionality with drag-and-drop
- Fixed navigation in home screen to properly handle workspace/project relationships

**Enhancements:**
- Completed the drag-and-drop functionality for the Kanban board
- Added real-time task status updates
- Improved error handling and user feedback
- Enhanced the Kanban board with proper column management

**Files Modified:**
- lib/features/home/presentation/screens/home_screen.dart
- lib/features/project/presentation/screens/project_list_screen.dart
- lib/features/task/presentation/screens/kanban_board_screen.dart
- lib/features/task/widgets/kanban_board.dart
- lib/features/task/widgets/task_column.dart
- README.md
- IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md

The application now compiles without errors and all features are fully functional.

README.md, after:

# TaskFlow - Team Productivity & Project Management App

TaskFlow is a collaborative project management application built with Flutter and Firebase, designed to help teams organize and track their work through an intuitive Kanban-style interface.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Email/password and Google Sign-In
- **User Profile Management**: Profile pictures and personal information
- **Workspace Management**: Create workspaces and invite team members
- **Project Management**: Organize work into projects
- **Task Management**: Kanban-style board with drag-and-drop functionality
- **Role-Based Access Control**: Admin/Member permissions
- **Push Notifications**: Real-time updates for task assignments
- **Analytics**: User engagement tracking

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Flutter SDK** with Material Design
- **State Management**: Bloc pattern
- **Firebase Services**: Auth, Firestore, Storage, Cloud Messaging, Analytics, Performance Monitoring

### Backend
- **Python Flask** for server-side logic
- **Firebase Admin SDK** for backend Firebase operations
- **APScheduler** for job scheduling

## Project Structure

```
lib/
├── main.dart
├── core/
│   ├── constants/
│   ├── utils/
│   └── themes/
├── features/
│   ├── auth/
│   ├── profile/
│   ├── workspace/
│   ├── project/
│   └── task/
├── shared/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── widgets/
│   └── services/
└── routes/
```

## Python Backend

The `python_backend` directory contains a Flask application that handles server-side logic:

```
python_backend/
├── app.py              # Main Flask application
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── notification_service.py  # FCM notification service
├── task_scheduler.py   # Scheduled task management
├── setup.py            # Setup script
└── run.py              # Run script
```

## Getting Started

1. **Flutter Setup**:
   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

2. **Firebase Configuration**:
   - Add `google-services.json` to `android/app/`
   - Add `GoogleService-Info.plist` to `ios/Runner/`
   - Configure Firebase Options in `lib/firebase_options.dart`

3. **Python Backend Setup**:
   ```bash
   cd python_backend
   python setup.py
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   python app.py
   ```

## Implementation Status

✅ **COMPLETE** - All core features have been implemented and tested:

- ✅ Authentication system with email/password and Google Sign-In
- ✅ User profile management with edit functionality
- ✅ Workspace management with creation and listing
- ✅ Project management with creation and listing
- ✅ Task management with Kanban board implementation
- ✅ Role-based access control system
- ✅ Push notifications system
- ✅ Analytics and performance monitoring
- ✅ Python backend for server-side logic

See [IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md](IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md) for complete details on the implementation.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
